Time to try implement the 1D-CFAR in the practice workshop.
Once you implement the code,
you should be able to see the output in this format.
Let's give it a try, and remember the noise samples used here are random.
So everyone will have different plot,
but the important part is that we should be able to vary the threshold dynamically,
and successfully detect the target signals.
Once you have the plot,
you can closely observe how the Red Sea for our threshold varies along the signal length.
It aligns well with the target peaks and suppresses the homogeneously spread noise.
There will be cases where you will see false positives in your results.
In that case, go back to your code,
and try different CNFAR set,
or different number of training and guard cell numbers.